Okay,
guys,
this is probably gonna be the shortest lecture in the entire course.
If we look down the bottom left hand side here,
we can see that we only have one worksheet in a workbook so far on what we're going to do
now is add a 2nd 1 So all I'm gonna do is come down to this little plus button left click,
and you can see that we now have sheet to They were going to use this in our next lecture
for creating a simple chart from the data that we already have.
What we're also going to do is rename the sheet to something more useful.
So all I'm gonna do is come down,
right Click.
I'm gonna choose rename and you can see that the text has been highlighted there.
So all I'm going to do is type the name of our new sheet has ever chart hit,
Enter on they go.
We've successfully renamed our sheet.
Okay.
I'm just gonna go back to sheet one by left clicking it.
Very simple.
That's how you add a new sheet in the workbook.
See you in the next one where we're gonna learn about chance